Here is a car.py file.
Let's take a look at the code in here line by line.
First, you'll note the things in red,
which are just comments that describe the class.
It describes what the class does and what attributes it has,
and comments like these are good practice especially
if you want your code to be understood by other developers.
Now, if we scroll down a bit,
one of the first things you see is a class car.
This looks a bit like a function declaration but the word class let's Python know
that the code that follows should describe the state and functionality of a car object.
Objects are also always capitalized,
and so we see that car is capitalized here.
Next, we see the init function which is responsible for
creating space in memory to make a specific car object like Karla.
So when you run code like car.Car and pass in some initial parameters,
this is the function that's called.
This is where the initial state is created from
the position and velocity that are passed in.
the position and velocity variables that are passed in.
We also see variables for the cars world,
its color, and its path.
We know the world is just a 2D grid.
The color we'll revisit.
But for now, know that's why our car appears red in our grid,
and the path is just going to be a list of
locations that a car has visited that we can then visualize.
So the most important lines of code in here are the state and the world,
and all of the variables in here are something that a car object keeps track of.
Next, if we scroll down,
is the move function.
The description says the move function moves the car
in the direction of the velocity and updates the state.
This may look familiar from our predict state function.
Move uses a constant velocity model to move the car
in the direction of its velocity VX and VY.
Move uses a constant velocity model to move the car in the direction of its velocity,
VY and VX, and if we look at one portion of this equation,
we can see that it's a constant velocity model.
It says Y, our initial position,
plus a Y velocity times a change in time becomes our new predicted position,
and at the end, we update the car state variable that was initialized in init,
and this is how we track the state of the car as we move.
Next, we see our turn left function,
which simply rotates the velocity values to the left,
and this function updates our state again with the new velocity.
Finally, at the end we have this display world function,
which you shouldn't change but feel free to read.
This is responsible for displaying a grid world and
a car within it and it uses pyplot for visualization.
Next, it will be up to you to read through this code,
understand how a car object like Karla tracks its own state,
and together, will help write some additional functions within this car class.